Mark Stephen Sobkow's Proprietary BAM License, Version 1.0.

MSS Code Factory Business Application Model is proprietary code
which may not be modified in any way without a commercial license,
not even if you are an educational institution.

The binaries may be used by the public to execute the MSS Code
Factory tool itself, but they may not link their own applications
to those binaries without a commercial use license.  A commercial
use license will allow you to link to the binaries, and to extend
the unmodified binaries and interfaces in your own application code.

MSS Code Factory Business Application Model source is published so
that you may study it for academic purposes, to perform security
verification reviews, and for commercial use licensers to debug
their applications.

Registered .edu educational institutions are permitted to install
and link the binaries as if they had a commercial use license
for research and courseware projects.  Such projects may not be
used to produce commercial or business code, and may not be deployed
to commercial or business interests, including the educational
institution's own departments outside that performing the research
or teaching the course.

Any use of MSS Code Factory Business Application Model binaries or
source in a production environment under any other circumstances
without a commercial license from Mark Stephen Sobkow is strictly
forbidden.

MSS Code Factory Business Application Model is distributed in the
hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without
even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

Donations to support MSS Code Factory Business Application Model
can be made at https://www.paypal.com/paypalme2/MarkSobkow

Please contact Mark Stephen Sobkow at msobkow@sasktel.net for commercial licensing.
